the pizza toss warp hooping tutorial in
this video I will teach you how to
perform the pizza toss warp also known
as a pizza toss jump through a hoop
trick that involves jumping through the
hoop from a pizza toss the prerequisites
for this trick include knowing how to
perform a pizza toss in this video I
will be spinning the hoop to the right
if you spin your hoop to the left you
can perform this trick by doing the
steps in this tutorial in the opposite
direction before we get started make
sure to use a hoop that is large enough
to jump through since this trick
involves jumping I recommend warming up
first before attempting this trick as
well as practicing this trick on a
stable surface to get started perform a
pizza toss with your hoop giving your
hoop of quality toss throw your hoop
high directly above you if your pizza
toss is poorly thrown such as to the
side or too far in front of you it can
become more challenging to jump through
the hoop as it comes down so make sure
to perform a quality Pizza toss
once the hoop is tossed locate the hole
of the hoop as the hoop hangs in the air
you can reposition your body to prepare
yourself to jump through the center of
the hoop next bend your knees jump high
through the hoop as the hoop is on its
way down when you jump through the hoop
may vary based on how high your pizza
toss is thrown reaching out in front of
you catch the hoop at around waist the
chest level gripping the hoop underhand
with your left hand
stretch your left arm diagonally across
your body as you hold the hoop at your
right side lift and tuck your legs close
to your body as you jump through the
hoop if need be slightly tuck your legs
and feet to your left side to allow your
feet to clear the hoop tilt the hoop
somewhat downward revolving the hoop to
your right to finish jumping through the
hoop as you fall safely to the ground
untuck your legs and bend your knees as
you land to finish hand the hoop off to
your right hand to continue passing the
hoop off around your body
when performing a pizza toss warp it's
very important to perform a quality
pizza toss a quality pizza toss involves
throwing the hoop straight up above your
head so when the hoop falls down less
movement is required to jump through the
hoop
whereas a poor toss would be one where
the hoop is thrown too far in front of
you or to the sides making it
challenging to move in time to jump
through the hoop on its way down if you
struggle with your pizza toss
repositioning your arm and hand as you
release the hoop can sometimes guide
where the hoop will end up as well as
how fast you spin and tilt your hoop as
you toss the hoop for example
positioning your hand more in front of
you while tossing the hoop can make the
hoop go forward whereas positioning your
hand and releasing the hoop more behind
you as you toss the hoop can make the
hoop travel behind you
also if you toss the hoop from a vortex
hoop trick like I have demonstrated in
this tutorial smoothing out your vortex
by minimalizing the amount your hoop
tilts as you go into your pizza toss can
also assist in setting up a quality
Pizza toss if you struggle with your
vortex I recommend watching my videos on
the vortex and vortex related tips and
techniques if you find yourself not
having much time to jump through the
hoop toss your hoop higher tossing the
hoop high into the air from your pizza
toss can create more hang time to
prepare yourself to jump through the
hoop there are multiple trick
possibilities that can come from
performing a pizza toss warp some
examples include doing a 180 to 360 jump
as you warp through your pizza toss or
you can transition into performing a
helicopter from your pizza toss warp now
is the time to discover your own pizza
toss work related tricks
that concludes my tutorial on the pizza
toss warp thank you for watching and
enjoy